Three years ago.
I was wrong about you.
Master Lu
Now is the time to have a good chat about what happened 3 years ago
You built me into the villa 3 years ago
It is decided that I am a woman who loves money
Even guess that I approached you for money
So arrogant you chose to leave without saying goodbye
I was right.
Lin Xinmo, I'm already in good shape
Why can't you forgive me?
You are always so self-righteous
Even if you are wrong
You will also ask the world to change for you
I refuse to condescend and say sorry
Then why do you think I will forgive you?
What if I said I was wrong?
Will you forgive me?
Will we go back to where we were?
I will forgive you.
But we can't go back
Why? Because
I have a boyfriend now.